Calculate Severity - Performance improvements for 3 playbooks (#32144)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/Playbooks/playbook-Calculate_Severity_-_Generic_v2_README.md

| CriticalEndpoints | CSV of hostnames of critical endpoints. | admin | Optional |
| CriticalGroups | CSV of DN names of critical AD groups. | admins,administrators | Optional |
| Account | User accounts to check against the critical lists. | Account | Optional |
| Endpoint | Endpoints to check against the CriticalEndpoints list. | Endpoint | Optional |
| EmailAuthenticityCheck | Indicates the email authenticity resulting from the EmailAuthenticityCheck script. Possible values are: Pass, Fail, Suspicious, and Undetermined. | Email.AuthenticityCheck | Optional |
| MicrosoftHeadersSeverityCheck | The value is set by the "Process Microsoft's Anti-Spam Headers" Playbook, which calculates the severity after processing the PCL, BCL and PCL values inside Microsoft's headers. | ${Email.MicrosoftHeadersSeverityCheck} | Optional |
| XDRRiskyUsers | An object of risky users and their corresponding scores, as outputted by the "xdr-list-risky-users" command. | PaloAltoNetworksXDR.RiskyUser | Optional |
| XDRRiskyHosts | An object of risky hosts and their corresponding scores, as outputted by the "xdr-list-risky-hosts" command. | PaloAltoNetworksXDR.RiskyHost | Optional |

> | DBotScoreMaxScore | The highest score that was given to a DBotScore indicator, in number. | DBotScore.Score | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DBotScoreMaxScore | The highest score (number) that was given to a DBotScore indicatorr. | DBotScore.Score | Optional |
```
